MC-813 Microsoft Teams - support sending chat messages in Send Message action (#1037)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: plugins/microsoft_teams/help.md

# Version History

> * 3.2.0 - Support sending chat messages in Send Message action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 3.2.0 - Send Message Action is updated to support chat messages via chat_id parameter, team_name is set to optional. | Update SDK to latest version.
```
